Add flatcar image requirements for getting started with Azure (#1049)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/azure/index.md

This command should be run for all subscriptions that are used for Giant Swarm workload clusters as well as the management cluster that orchestrates it all.  

## Accept legal terms for deeployment of Flatcar image

> Giant Swarm deploys Flatcar image developed by Kinvolk from Azure Marketplace. In order to be able to run the image, it is required by Azure to accept the legal terms.

Reviewer: should we link somewhere? like to the marketplace or something?

Author: yeah just had same thought reading this

Author: Done

> Please run following command prior to launching a cluster on a given subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please run the following command prior to creating a cluster on a given subscription:
```

```nohighlight
az vm image terms accept --offer flatcar-container-linux-free --plan stable --publisher kinvolk
```

> This acceptance should be performed for all subscriptions that are usedd to run Giant Swarm workload clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This acceptance should be performed for all subscriptions that are used to run Giant Swarm workload clusters.
```
